# Final-Jan-April-2022
# Phone Book
  Our phone books’ dependencies don’t need to be installed as they are already imported in the code but in case they aren’t available, here are the libraries and modules that were used in our code: 

Tkinter : A standard framework that provides Python users with a simple way to create GUI elements using the widgets found in the Tk toolkit.

Csv : The csv module in the python standard library implements classes to read and write tabular data in CSV format. It allows programmers to say, “write this data in the format preferred by Excel,” or “read data from this file which was generated by Excel,” without knowing the precise details of the CSV format used by Excel. Basically, it’s a type of plain text file that uses specific structuring to arrange tabular data.
And with other circumstances, the excel file doesn't appear in pycharm after downloading the files from github to pc than to pycharm. For you to make the prgram run, you need to save it as file.csv for instead, Phone_Contact.csv than it will automatically work on your end. 
And also, you need to download some of the plugin like Excel Readers, Rainbbow CSV and Excell Editor, at some points they works behind the scene with the file csv you have in your pycharms though you may not see them directly and sometime it may replace the csv you have save already with Rainbow CSV.
And at that moment, the user input doesn't go direct to locate Excel you may have download already in your pc but they are contain by the file csv because of the other excel plugins we have stated early.

Messagebox from tkinter : The tkinter messagebox is a module in python which provides a different set of dialogues that are used to display message boxes, showing errors or warnings, widgets to select files or change colors which is a pop-up box with a relevant message being displayed along with a title based on the requirement in python.

  If these dependencies are already available on your version of pycharm your setup is complete. Now it’s a matter of how to run the code. 

  Once you have successfully cloned the code into your pycharm IDE and hit the run button a message box (graphical user interface (GUI)) will appear in which there are three spaces for input of the first name, last name and phone number. In this GUI, there are also five buttons of which you can use after the contact you want to save has been inputted into the three slots. Then you can:

Save using the Add Details button.

Change details of a contact using the Update Details button.

Cance a contact using the Reset button.

Display the details of a contact using the Load button and,

Delete any contact of your choice with the Delete button.

  Furthermore, you need not to be worried about not using the buttons correctly as a message box appears whenever you haven’t done something right and how to correctly go about it.

  Lastly if you do not wish to do anything with the phone book at the moment you can always hit the close button of the message box as your contact will be saved in the Phone_Contact.csv file.
